first pass on security considerations (#14)
NLnetLabs/incremental-deleg: draft-homburg-deleg-incremental-deleg.md

# Security Considerations

> Incremental deleg moves the location of  referral information to a unique  location that currently exists. However, as this is a new approach, thought must be given to usage.   There must be some checks to ensure that the registering a _deleg subdomain happens at the time the domain is provisioned. The same care needs to be addressed when a domain is deprovisioned that the _deleg is removed.  This is similar to what happens to NS A records deployed in parent zones to act as Glue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incremental deleg moves the location of  referral information to a unique  location that currently exists. However, as this is a new approach, thought must be given to usage.   In domains that are open to registration by third parties, care must be taken to ensure that the _deleg subdomain is reserved at the time the domain is provisioned. The same care needs to be addressed when a domain is deprovisioned that the _deleg reservation is removed.  This is similar to what happens to NS A records deployed in parent zones to act as Glue.
```

Reviewer 2: I like this suggestion. Should we wait for @moonshiner to commit it?

Reviewer: Yes (unless we get too close to midnight)

Author: COMMIT NOW

> While the recommendation is to deploy DNSSEC with incremental deleg, it is not mandatory.  However, using incremental deleg with unsigned zones can create possibilities of domain hijackings. This could  be hard to detect when not speaking directly to the authoritative name server.

Reviewer: Maybe we should add: 

this risk of domain hijacking is not expected to increase significantly compared to the situation without incremental deleg.

Reviewer 2: Added in commit a412ca4

Author: yes.

> While the recommendation is to deploy DNSSEC with incremental deleg, it is not mandatory.  However, using incremental deleg with unsigned zones can create possibilities of domain hijackings. This could  be hard to detect when not speaking directly to the authoritative name server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the recommendation is to deploy DNSSEC with incremental deleg, it is not mandatory.  However, using incremental deleg with unsigned zones can create possibilities of domain hijackings. This could  be hard to detect when not speaking directly to the authoritative name server.
This risk of domain hijacking is not expected to increase significantly compared to the situation without incremental deleg.
```
